# YHack 2018 project

# Inspiration
It is often difficult to find time to meet up with those you don't see everyday. Figuring out scheduling details can often be a nightmare as gaps in communication cause the loss of crucial information. As busy students, we’ve all experienced this phenomenon firsthand and as a result, regretfully neglected to reconnect with old friends. Thus, at YHack, we wanted to build a platform that would prevent this issue.

# What it does do?
Squeeze goes through all the hassle of going through of two people’s schedules and finding the common to time for the activity that they are interested in doing. This allows user to schedule in appointments based on their entire week with the press of a button, as opposed to the tedious emailing process of “I am free at…” back and forth on top of the decision of the meet up location. Squeeze lets users pick a type of activity like Shopping, Restaurant, Bar, etc. and an optional keyword and Squeeze finds the middle point between the two’s current geographic location and creates the calendar event for them to both meet up at “A Taste of Delhi” in between both of them.

# How we built it
We built a web application using the wix-code API to give users an interface where they can schedule events with known contacts as described above. We built a Node.js server to act as a middle man between our web client and the Google Cloud services necessary for our event scheduling platform. In particular, we leveraged the Google Calendar API in order to determine when users are free to meet up and to write events generated by the platform. We also utilized the Google Places API to retrieve possible meetup locations given user availability and preferences. Lastly, we used Google’s sign in and authentication services.

# What’s next
Our next biggest step from here is to be able to do the same with multiple users at the same time. This is not a hard step to implement for the architecture is already present only requiring the storage of access tokens of more than two users at a time to obtain read and write ability to all users calendars. Another big step would be the idea of implementing activity settings for each activity. This will better filter if an activity has certain restrictions for time of day, making sure we pick the right time interval for both parties. Lastly, we wanted to incorporate machine learning into the project at a later stage in development. After multiple uses we would be able to train a model to suggest/recommend meet ups with certain people. Past data can be used to predict events one may enjoy or is likely do to do in the near future.
